Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
I'm incredibly excited that we are finally in this lesson.
Until this point we went from easy to hard stuff and everything was building up for this lesson right
now.
So far we didn't have a chance to test our image classification API by setting data to it.
In this video we're going to do just that.
We are going to send a random moment from our test set to the model and then receive some predictions
from it let's start by building our first post to request let us begin from the headers when sending
a request from a browsers to a server.
There is an essential part of that request called headers the headers is nothing more than a string
that gives information to a server.
What type of information or data is should expect to send or receive.
For example each the email CSX JavaScript files or in our case Jason data on the browser side.
It uses this information to prepare it to process a file in a certain way let's define headers for our
API right headers equal to python dictionary.
It always has the same key content dash type and for a value we need to specify what type of file are
we going to send in our case.
Just put application slash Jason.
Since we are sending Jason data to our server now that we have our data in our header.
It's time to send our first post request and that is the most exciting part of this lesson let's define
a new variable.
Call Jason response and that is equal to requests.
Our library not post.
Since we are sending some data to a server in the post request we have to provide a few things.
We have our model your URL which is our first argument.
Then we have data and that is our data object.
Then we have this Jason which is not important for us right now.
And Heather's as the last argument that we have to provide says you're all is equal to Asia's GDP column
slash slash local host.
And then we need to specify our report.
If you remember when we defined tens of flow serving coal we set our report for the model in our case
it is 8 5 0 1 slash we 1.
Since this is the first version of the API slash models and that is the name of the folder slash C4
10.
And if you remember that is the model name that we defined as well then we need to set column predict
and that is our whole Euro then provide data is equal to data.
And lastly said headers equaled headers.
Execute a cell.
And as you can see we received the first official results from our model.
How exciting is that but if we print our results we receive something very strange response.
200.
What does it mean.
Well when you're working with internet requests there are some predefined numbers that indicate the
status of our response.
For example if we misspell our U.R.L. we are going to get that error called for 0 4.
Or if you're forbidden access to a certain page you're going to get for free.
However if everything is okay we are going to get a response two hundred and that is what we want to
see now that we know that let success predictions from our response.
Right.
Predictions.
Equal to Jason got loads since we received Jason as well and provide.
Jason responds that text and let us only accept the prediction key from our Jason object.
Let's bring them out for this image we have received 96 percent for this class.
However at this point we only know the accuracy but we still don't know if the prediction is correct.
Let's visualize our image and print out the name of our highest or most certain class let's write BLT
Dot I'm show and then set x test of random image and let's executed.
As you can see this is the image of a course let's make sure that our network has predicted the horse
as the class with the highest accuracy to do this right.
Class names and that is our array of all class names and we only need to access an index of a class
where the probability is the highest to do this.
Let's access the index with the highest value from our predictions right.
MP dot ARG marks of predictions as you can see it is array inside another array.
Just put zero of it after predictions and execute it.
And now you can see that our API worked perfectly.
It recognizes horse now that we know.
Official results.
I want to congratulate you for building your awesome scalable classification API that can be scaled
in use by millions or even billions of users.
This is very high achievement in the world of deep learning.
And that's it for this video.
If you have any questions or comments please post them in the comments section.
Otherwise I've seen the next tutorial.